rflct/README.md, before:

# REFLECT — Audio Journaling App

## Overview
**REFLECT** is a Flutter-based mobile app designed for **audio journaling and reflection**.  
The app guides users into a calm, reflective experience with a simple and minimal UI.

Currently, the app includes:

- **Loading/Intro Animation**: A 2-second fade + scale animation on the "RFLCT" logo with a soft purple background.
- **Smooth Transition**: After 3–4 seconds, the app transitions to the Home Page using a **slide-up + fade animation**.
- **Home Page Placeholder**: Basic Home Page ready for adding audio journaling features.

---

## Project Structure
rflct/lib/main.dart # Entry point of the app /pages/loading_page.dart , home_page.dart 


---

## Screens & Flow

1. **Loading Page**
   - Purple background (`#CABDE6`)  
   - "RFLCT" logo appears with a **fade + scale animation**  
   - Duration: 2 seconds animation + 3-second wait  
   - Automatically transitions to Home Page
   ![alt text](image.png)

2. **Home Page**
   - Simple welcome message  
   - Scaffold ready for app content  
   - Target page after the intro animation  

 



---

## Key Features Implemented

- **TweenAnimationBuilder**: For logo fade + scale effect
- **Timer**: Controls the 3–4 second wait before transitioning
- **PageRouteBuilder**: Custom slide-up + fade transition
- **Google Fonts**: Nunito font used throughout
- **Hex Color Theme**: Background set to `#CABDE6`

---

## How to Run

1. Clone the repo:
```bash
git clone <repo-url>

cd rflct

flutter pub get

flutter run

Commit message:

Changed the progress bar , implementer the onboarding fully , created homepage's bottom navbar

rflct/README.md, after:

# REFLECT — Audio Journaling App

## Overview

**REFLECT (RFLCT)** is a Flutter-based mobile app designed for **audio journaling and reflection**.  
The app guides users into a calm, reflective experience with a simple and minimal UI.

Currently, the app includes:
- **Landing  Page** 
![Landing Page](../rflct/assets/images/image.png)
- **Onboarding Page** with 3 pages:
  - *Welcome to RFLCT* — introduces the app.
![alt text](../rflct/assets/images/image2.png)
  - *Capture Your Thoughts* — explains recording, tracking, and organising reflections.
![alt text](../rflct/assets/images/image3.png)
  - *Grow with Intention* — encourages small daily changes over time.
![alt text](../rflct/assets/images/image4.png)
- **Top Progress Indicator Bar**:
  - A linear progress bar at the top showing how far the user is in the onboarding flow.
- **Skip & Next Controls**:
  - **Skip** text on the left to jump directly to the last onboarding page.
  - **Next** button on the right to move to the next page or proceed into the app.
- **Home Page Placeholder**:
  - A basic Home Page ready for adding audio journaling features (recording, playback, etc.).
  ![alt text](../rflct/assets/images/image5.png)

---

 
 
## Project Structure
rflct/lib/main.dart # Entry point of the app /pages/loading_page.dart, onboarding_page.dart  , home_page.dart 




---

## Key Features Implemented

- **TweenAnimationBuilder**: For logo fade + scale effect
- **Timer**: Controls the 3–4 second wait before transitioning
- **PageRouteBuilder**: Custom slide-up + fade transition
- **Google Fonts**: Nunito font used throughout


---

## How to Run

1. Clone the repo:
```bash
git clone <repo-url>

cd rflct

flutter pub get

flutter run
